This project involved making a 12 hour and 24 hour clock which was programmed to add a second, minute, or hour and display it to the console. The user is presented with an intial input option to set the original time for the clock. After the original time is set, the user is given menu options on what they want to do next. They can add a minute, second, hour, or quit the program. 

I feel like I organized this code fairly well given the prompt. It should read simply for any technical person and should be able to be edited fairly easily. To enhance it and provide more security, I could give it a more layered approach to separate concerns better. Instead of having all of the code in a singular file, I could hide the methods used behind an implementation layer. That would make the code easier to read and if someone wanted to expand on this code, the scalability. 

The types of code that I find the most challenging to write are the ones that introduce new concepts that I have not used before. Loops, methods, outputting input, and variables are relatively easy in any coding language. One concept that was more difficult in this class to grasp was reading and writing to an external file. Google is always your friend in situations like this. I struggle with concepts at time and have learned that I am a very example based learner. I will try to find examples online and use those as a guideline when trying to do something new.

This project was calculation intensive to an extent. It helped me to formulate efficient methods to calculate a useable output for the user. The implication is self evident.
